Sports: I have played soccer for my entire life and it’s my favorite thing to do. I have played for 10 years. I played on the high school team and for the club Abbey Villa. Soccer has always been a really big part of my life and I hope to play it for many more years. It helped me with becoming a stronger minded person, and it helped my mental toughness. Soccer also really helped me in running track. Because in soccer there is a lot of running involved, so having a background in soccer really helped me do well in track. Soccer really helped me through all my years of life and I can’t imagine my life without it. I can also play piano. I played piano since I was about nine or ten years old. Playing piano really helped me with school because playing a musical intrument is supposed to help with math and learning.



Goals: In the future I hope to work as a pediatrician. Or some other medical related job that works with kids. I am really drawn to working with children because there is just a certain element in kids that makes me happy and I love to be around them and work with them. Being able to have job that is focused on helping small children get better would just make me feel so good and is something that I am really interested in. Being able to work with kids would be my dream job and just being able to work with children all day. It would really just make my job more enjoyable. Doing a job that I would love so much like that would be very important in my life. 



My name is Bethany O’Toole, I am 15 years old. I go to Andover High School and I am a freshman. One of my strongest qualities is being very organized. I like to have things in order all the time, and I check things multiple times to make sure that everything is in order. I am a perfectionist which is really helpful in school, where I have to plan my time and organized things. I also believe that I am a responsible person. I keep all my things in order and you can always trust me to get things done. 



5/24/19- today I put in the content 
5/29/19- couldn't get my video to work 
5/29/19- got my video to work 
5/31/19-can't get my icons to go in 
5/31- I could't find where to change the header colors 
5/31/19- I found how to change the header color 
5/31/19- I changed the header color
6/3/19- couldn't get the icons to work 
6/7/19- I got the icons to work, it didn't work because I linked it wrong. 


